# Intention 

This repository is meant to be used in order to store data and code for the group porject *food-friends/fights* of the CSH Winterschool. 

## Software implementation

All source code used to generate the results and figures in the paper are in
the `model_src` folder. The model itself is contained in `models_main.py`. In the future, results generated by the code are saved in `Output`, and figures in `Figs`.

## Getting the code

You can download a copy of all the files in this repository by cloning the
[git](https://git-scm.com/) repository:

    git clone https://github.com/HeiJuli/foodfriends.git

or [download a zip archive](https://github.com/HeiJuli/foodfriends/archive/refs/heads/main.zip).


## Dependencies

You'll need a working Python environment to run the code.
The recommended way to set up your environment is through the
[Anaconda Python distribution](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) which
provides the `conda` package manager.
Anaconda can be installed in your user directory and does not interfere with
the system Python installation.
The required dependencies are specified in the file `environment_foodfriends.yml`, as well as `requirements_foodfriends.txt` .

We use `conda` virtual environments to manage the project dependencies in
isolation.
Thus, you can install our dependencies without causing conflicts with your
setup (even with different Python versions).

Run the following command in the repository folder (where `environment.yml`
is located) to create a separate environment and install all required
dependencies in it:

    conda env create


## Reproducing the results

Before running any code you must activate the conda environment:

    source activate ENVIRONMENT_NAME

or, if you're on Windows:

    activate ENVIRONMENT_NAME

This will enable the environment for your current terminal session.
Any subsequent commands will use software that is installed in the environment.


## License

All source code is made available under a BSD 3-clause license. You can freely
use and modify the code, without warranty, so long as you provide attribution
to the authors. See `LICENSE.md` for the full license text.

The manuscript text is not open source. The authors reserve the rights to the
article content, which is currently submitted for publication in Nature Human Behaviour.
